
Part A:




Part B:
Methods to enhance visit:
The site should demo a brief history on Japanese culture and explain traditional values such as the role of age, or vertical ranking, appearance, and other national beliefs.

The site should display items available for purchase in the store, as well as items being showcased (with a description and price - where applicable).

The site should be accessible from multiple browsers on multiple devices.

The site should utilize a SWF file (file extension for a Shockwave Flash file that stands for Small Web Format) or similar to demonstrate a virtual tour of the Imperial Palace and a temple in Tokyo to give the visitor an idea of what they will see at the JCC. With a SWF file, the site can contain video and vector based animations, with optional sound, and are designed for efficient delivery over the web.

Optional:
The site can partner with other companies(examples: rosetta stone - for taking Japanese lessons, expedia - for scheduling a trip to Japan, Tomo Japanese Restaurant in Atlanta - for making a reservation, groupon, etc.).

VR and AR

Notes for Architecture final:

2 questions about digital circuit design (ch 4 and 5)
chapter 4 - digital components
			3-state buffer table 4.5
			1. be able to design a bus!
			2. multiplexer
			3. adder subtractor - example: 1 XOR B = B'
			4. circuit-shifter
			5. half adder - incrementer, example: A <- A + 1
			6. Quiz #3
chapter 5 - control circuit for registers
			control circuit - design refer to table 5.6 (microoperations)
			Load, Increment, Clear 
			1. instructions in memory-reference instructions (microoperations)
			2. design control circuit for registers. Example, AR, TR, AC, DR IR, PC, etc.. (8)
			3. bus system for register selection
			4. quiz 4 - assembly to microoperations
			5. translate binary code -> microoperation
				ac <- dr, dr <- ac in 1 time clock
			6. interrupt (how to detect and handle)
			7. two passes: create address symbol table then translate code to binary
chapter 7 - control code: F1, F2, F3 -> microoperation; opcode -> reflective to control memory
			table 7-3
chapter 8 - figure in quiz 7
			stack



PLC

1. search for C standard
2. page 11 and 12 in chapter 7 operand overloader
3. 

575x383
http://www.flaticon.com/search/japanese
